so hey guys it's isip attached I'm back
and this week I got a new brand up for
you guys and it's called temper 1oz this
app costs a dollar 30 in New Zealand and
it's about 99 cents in America so it's
pretty cheap but then it's made by odds
made by I'm sorry guys it's made by the
movie odds you know the movie the odds
the awesome powerful like that movie
starring james franco mila kunis like
that and this I'm gonna fight for you
guys so this this app is about forty
five megabytes and it through these
couple of hours ago an app store and in
here basically if you do the journal
stuff swipe the turn jump and slide and
stuff so in here you can see play and
this all the environment this is on the
start of the game and look at that
graphics man gosh it's so cool it's way
better than the temple wanted brain that
I made for the brave movie and this and
it's more you know way better graphics
which is good and you can jump this wife
and they got this new amazing power ups
and yeah now have to swipe simple stuff
guys just the normal temple run you know
that's what you're doing it not have to
slide oh look at that amazing free
amazing man having seen this oops sorry
about that do it again I'm playing this
game on my iPad Mini so it's pretty good
and after tilt for coins
oops I know I'm pretty bad because i'm
doing a video right now but once i'm not
on the video i can show you guys that
I'm good at this game by seeing my high
score in this game is about half a
million it's not that bad but average
some people got 40 million which
probably hacks a lot I don't know why
they do there but and now you have to
tap some reason now I'm ready let's go
nice to catch the balloon for some
reason all that's so cool look at that
can actually see it you can control it
oh it's amazing this is why I like the
temple on because of then every time
they make a new effort so cool now let's
go back to the ground and please guys
and watch this video in HD and yeah so
now you guys I'm in a 30k point so yep
pretty good starting point I guess
and please subscribe from the video guys
and thanks guys thanks for watching and
this is I sabotage and that's basically
it and you can as you can see I'm level
1 and I'm long level 2 right now and
just earned a frickin achievement and
yeah thanks guys thanks for watching and
after oh I forgot and here you can
actually buy stuff with coins with and
you can pay with real money if you want
and yeah that's about it then thanks
guys